Metadata for lw_survival
date		the period to which the trial had begun. Includes either 1, 2, or 3 for the block
predator	the predatory insect introduced into the dish- lacewings
treatment 	the food resources given to the predator. Will include no resource, water only, wheast, sucrose, CMBS eggs, wheast and CMBS eggs, or fructose and CMBS eggs
dishnumber	the unique identifying number for each petri dish. Each treatment should be composed of 10 dishes per specific date or 20 for the last date
consumption	the number of CMBS consumed during the first 24 hours
raw_molt1	The days taken to perform the first molt. Does not include survival data here
raw_molt2	The days taken to perform the second molt. Does not include survival data here
day1, day2…	survival (1) or mortality (0) of predator at each check. For example, if 	 predator lives for 3 days, then days 1, 2 and 3 will be recorded as "1's" will all following columns being "0's"
survival	the sum of columns titled "day1", "day2", "day3", etc. representing the total number of days the predator survived
event	Represents if death had occurred. If the insect had died, this column will have a value of "1". If the predator had not yet died, a value of "0" will be inserted here. All insects were monitored until mortality occurred meaning all cells have a value of “1”.
molt1	The number of days taken for the insect to perform the first molt or die before molting (includes survival data)
molt2	The number of days taken for the insect to perform the second molt or die before molting (includes survival data)
event1	Represents if the first molt had occurred at the days expressed in “molt1”. If the insect molted, a value of “1” is provided. If the insect did not molt, a “0” is indicated meaning that the insect died before molting
event2	Represents if the second molt had occurred at the days expressed in “molt2”. If the insect molted, a value of “1” is provided. If the insect did not molt, a “0” is indicated meaning that the insect died before molting.
